#30 Forbid manual TS Service configuration (#170)
IHE/DEV.SDPi: asciidoc/volume1/use-cases/tf1-ch-c-use-case-stad.adoc

*Then* The device will synchronize its time with the <<acronym_ts_service>>

===== Scenario: <<acronym_stad>> {var_use_case_id}.1 - Device is connected to the MD LAN network and a user wants to change the device's time

*Given* Device is operational in <<acronym_md_lan>> network

*When*  The user attempts to change the time on the device manually

*Then* The device will disable the ability to change its time manually

==== Safety, Effectiveness & Security Considerations and Requirements

.R1510
[sdpi_requirement#r1510,sdpi_req_level=shall]
****

> A <<vol1_spec_sdpi_p_actor_somds_participant>> shall not allow manual configuration of its internal clock.

Reviewer: Should we really disallow manual clock configuration at all or just require participants to not connect to the MD LAN when the interal clock is configures manually?

> A <<vol1_spec_sdpi_p_actor_somds_participant>> shall not allow manual configuration of its internal clock while the device is is operational in <<acronym_md_lan>> network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <<vol1_spec_sdpi_p_actor_somds_participant>> shall not allow manual configuration of its internal clock while the device is is operational in an <<acronym_md_lan>> network.
```

.Notes
[%collapsible]
====

> NOTE: Manual change of the devices clock is not even allowed as a backup in case of the <<acronym_ts_service>> not being available. This is done since manual configuration introduces a risk of having plausible but still inaccurate timestamps, that may confuse clinicians.

Reviewer: Different things here:

1. I am not a fan of the phrase "may confuse clinicians". The sentence can be omitted, the effect of seeing different timestamps should be obvious to the reader
2. Manual configuration does not introduce a risk, risk is defined as the combination of the probability of occurrence of harm and the severity of that harm.

Author: ok, is this better: Manual change of the devices clock is not even allowed as a backup in case of the <<acronym_ts_service>> not being available. This is done since manual configuration would lead to plausible but still inaccurate timestamps.

> NOTE: Manual change of the devices clock is not even allowed as a backup in case of the <<acronym_ts_service>> not being available. This is done since manual configuration would lead to plausible but still inaccurate timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since manual time adjustments of the device's internal clock would lead to plausible but still inaccurate timestamps, this requirement also prohibits manual adjustments when the <<acronym_ts_service>> is not available.
```
